---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "osc_birme_osc_postgresql Resource - osc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Unlock the full potential of your data with the PostgreSQL OSC image, seamlessly integrated for use in Eyevinn Open Source Cloud. Experience robust scalability, high security, and unmatched extensibility.
---

# osc_birme_osc_postgresql (Resource)

Unlock the full potential of your data with the PostgreSQL OSC image, seamlessly integrated for use in Eyevinn Open Source Cloud. Experience robust scalability, high security, and unmatched extensibility.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of osc-postgresql
- `postgres_password` (String) Sets the password for the PostgreSQL superuser account. This is required to secure database access and authenticate connections.

### Optional

- `postgres_db` (String) Sets the name of the default database to be created when the PostgreSQL container starts. If not specified, it will use the same name as the PostgreSQL user.
- `postgres_init_db_args` (String) Provides additional command-line arguments to pass to the &#39;initdb&#39; command during database cluster initialization.
- `postgres_init_db_sql` (String) Specifies SQL commands or script content to execute during database initialization, allowing for custom database setup and configuration.
- `postgres_user` (String) Specifies the username for the PostgreSQL superuser account. If not provided, defaults to &#39;postgres&#39;.

### Read-Only

- `external_ip` (String) The external Ip of the created instance (if available).
- `external_port` (Number) The external Port of the created instance (if available).
- `instance_url` (String) URL to the created instace
- `service_id` (String) The service id for the created instance
