---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "osc_eyevinn_dotnet_runner Resource - osc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Effortlessly run your .NET apps on Open Source Cloud with dotnet-runner! Seamlessly build, deploy, and manage applications right from your repository, ensuring smooth operation on port 8080.
---

# osc_eyevinn_dotnet_runner (Resource)

Effortlessly run your .NET apps on Open Source Cloud with dotnet-runner! Seamlessly build, deploy, and manage applications right from your repository, ensuring smooth operation on port 8080.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of dotnet-runner
- `source_url` (String) HTTPS URL to the Git repository containing your .NET application. You can append &#39;#branch&#39; to checkout a specific branch.

### Optional

- `config_service` (String) Name of an OSC app-config-svc instance to load additional environment variables from for your application.
- `git_hub_token` (String) Personal access token for accessing private repositories. Not required for public repositories.
- `osc_access_token` (String) OSC personal access token required for authentication when using the CONFIG_SVC option to load environment variables from an OSC app-config-svc instance.
- `osc_build_cmd` (String) Override the default build command used to compile your .NET application. This replaces the auto-detected &#39;dotnet publish&#39; invocation.
- `osc_entry` (String) Override the entry DLL filename inside the published output directory. Specify the exact DLL name to run your application.
- `sub_path` (String) Sub-directory within the repository to build, useful when your .NET project is not located in the repository root.

### Read-Only

- `external_ip` (String) The external Ip of the created instance (if available).
- `external_port` (Number) The external Port of the created instance (if available).
- `instance_url` (String) URL to the created instace
- `service_id` (String) The service id for the created instance
