---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "osc_eyevinn_intercom_manager Resource - osc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Open Source Intercom Solution providing production-grade audio quality and real-time latency. Powered by Symphony Media Bridge open source media server.
  Join our Slack community for support and customization. Contact sales@eyevinn.se for further development and support. Visit Eyevinn Technology for innovative video solutions.
---

# osc_eyevinn_intercom_manager (Resource)

Open Source Intercom Solution providing production-grade audio quality and real-time latency. Powered by Symphony Media Bridge open source media server.

Join our Slack community for support and customization. Contact sales@eyevinn.se for further development and support. Visit Eyevinn Technology for innovative video solutions.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `db_url` (String) URL including credentials to couchdb. Database expected as path
- `name` (String) Name of intercom-manager
- `smb_api_key` (String) API key for the Symphony Media Bridge
- `smb_url` (String) URL to the Symphony Media Bridge

### Optional

- `ice_servers` (String) Comma-separated list of ICE servers for WebRTC connectivity, including STUN and TURN servers
- `osc_access_token` (String) Personal Access Token from Eyevinn Open Source Cloud for link sharing and reauthentication features
- `whip_auth_key` (String) Authentication key for WHIP (WebRTC-HTTP Ingestion Protocol) endpoints

### Read-Only

- `external_ip` (String) The external Ip of the created instance (if available).
- `external_port` (Number) The external Port of the created instance (if available).
- `instance_url` (String) URL to the created instace
- `service_id` (String) The service id for the created instance
