---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "osc_eyevinn_ad_normalizer Resource - osc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Optimize your ad delivery with Ad Normalizer! Seamlessly transcode and package VAST creatives for your ad server using a Redis-backed workflow. Ensure efficient media processing and reliable ad streaming.
---

# osc_eyevinn_ad_normalizer (Resource)

Optimize your ad delivery with Ad Normalizer! Seamlessly transcode and package VAST creatives for your ad server using a Redis-backed workflow. Ensure efficient media processing and reliable ad streaming.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ad_server_url` (String) The url to the ad server endpoint. For the test ad server the path should be /api/v1/ads
- `encore_url` (String) URL of the related encore instance
- `name` (String) Name of ad-normalizer
- `output_bucket_url` (String) The url to the output folder for the packaged assets

### Optional

- `asset_server_url` (String) Optional, http version of OUTPUT_BUCKET_URL is used if not set
- `encore_profile` (String) Optional, defaults to &#34;program&#34; if not set
- `jit_packaging` (Boolean) Signals wether packaging of ads is done JIT or if completed jobs should be put on the packaging queue. optional, defaults to false if not provided
- `key_field` (String) Which field that the normalizer should use as key in valkey/redis. Optional, defaults to universalAdId if not set
- `key_regex` (String) Defaults to [^a-zA-Z0-9] if not set
- `osc_access_token` (String)
- `packaging_queue_name` (String) Name of the redis queue used for packaging jobs. Optional, defaults to &#34;package&#34; if not provided
- `redis_url` (String) The url to the redis/valkey instance used. Should use the redis protocol and ideally include port

### Read-Only

- `external_ip` (String) The external Ip of the created instance (if available).
- `external_port` (Number) The external Port of the created instance (if available).
- `instance_url` (String) URL to the created instace
- `service_id` (String) The service id for the created instance
