---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "osc_hasura_graphql_engine Resource - osc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Elevate your application development with Hasura GraphQL Engine! Experience real-time data access and seamless integration with top databases through secure, composable APIs. Empower innovation today!
---

# osc_hasura_graphql_engine (Resource)

Elevate your application development with Hasura GraphQL Engine! Experience real-time data access and seamless integration with top databases through secure, composable APIs. Empower innovation today!



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `admin_secret` (String) Secret key that provides admin access to the Hasura GraphQL Engine. This is used to authenticate requests that require administrative privileges, such as managing metadata, schema changes, and accessing the Hasura Console.
- `database_url` (String) Connection string for the primary database that Hasura will connect to. This database will be used for storing Hasura&#39;s metadata and can also serve as a data source for GraphQL operations.
- `name` (String) Name of graphql-engine

### Optional

- `enable_console` (Boolean) Controls whether the Hasura Console web interface is enabled and accessible. When enabled, provides a graphical interface for managing schemas, permissions, and testing GraphQL queries.
- `jwt_secret` (String) Configuration for JWT (JSON Web Token) based authentication. Defines the secret key or public key used to verify JWT tokens sent by clients for authentication and authorization.
- `unauthorized_role` (String) Defines the default role to be used for unauthenticated requests. When set, allows anonymous users to access the GraphQL API with the permissions assigned to this role.

### Read-Only

- `external_ip` (String) The external Ip of the created instance (if available).
- `external_port` (Number) The external Port of the created instance (if available).
- `instance_url` (String) URL to the created instace
- `service_id` (String) The service id for the created instance
