---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "osc_itzg_docker_minecraft_server Resource - osc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Experience seamless Minecraft server management with our Docker solution! Easily deploy, customize, and scale your servers with robust support for different versions, mods, and plugins. Perfect for dedicated gamers and server admins alike!
---

# osc_itzg_docker_minecraft_server (Resource)

Experience seamless Minecraft server management with our Docker solution! Easily deploy, customize, and scale your servers with robust support for different versions, mods, and plugins. Perfect for dedicated gamers and server admins alike!



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `accept_eula` (Boolean) Accepts the Minecraft End User License Agreement (EULA). Must be set to true to run the server legally.
- `mode` (String) Sets the game mode for the server (survival, creative, adventure, or spectator).
- `name` (String) Name of docker-minecraft-server
- `rcon_password` (String) Sets the password for RCON (Remote Console) access to the server, allowing remote administration and command execution.

### Optional

- `allow_nether` (Boolean) Enables or disables access to the Nether dimension.
- `announce_player_achievements` (Boolean) Controls whether player achievements are announced to all players on the server.
- `difficulty` (String) Sets the difficulty level of the server (peaceful, easy, normal, or hard).
- `enable_command_block` (Boolean) Enables or disables command blocks on the server.
- `force_gamemode` (Boolean) Forces players to join in the default game mode and prevents them from changing it.
- `general_structures` (Boolean) Controls whether structures like villages, dungeons, and other generated structures appear in the world.
- `hardcore` (Boolean) Enables hardcore mode where players are banned from the server when they die.
- `max_world_size` (String) Sets the maximum radius of the world border in blocks. Players cannot move beyond this boundary.
- `spawn_animals` (Boolean) Controls whether passive animals (cows, sheep, chickens, etc.) spawn naturally in the world.
- `spawn_monsters` (Boolean) Controls whether hostile monsters (zombies, creepers, skeletons, etc.) spawn naturally in the world.
- `spawn_npcs` (Boolean) Controls whether NPCs like villagers spawn naturally in the world.

### Read-Only

- `external_ip` (String) The external Ip of the created instance (if available).
- `external_port` (Number) The external Port of the created instance (if available).
- `instance_url` (String) URL to the created instace
- `service_id` (String) The service id for the created instance
