---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "osc_mickael_kerjean_filestash Resource - osc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Transform your data management with Filestash, a versatile file manager that integrates seamlessly with multiple cloud services and protocols. Enjoy blazing speed, user-friendly interfaces, and plugin flexibility.
---

# osc_mickael_kerjean_filestash (Resource)

Transform your data management with Filestash, a versatile file manager that integrates seamlessly with multiple cloud services and protocols. Enjoy blazing speed, user-friendly interfaces, and plugin flexibility.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of filestash

### Optional

- `admin_password` (String) Sets the password for administrative access to the Filestash backend configuration interface, which allows management of storage backends, authentication settings, plugins, and system configuration.
- `config_secret` (String) A secret key used for encrypting and securing configuration data, session tokens, and other sensitive information within the Filestash application.
- `dropbox_client_id` (String) The OAuth2 client ID for Dropbox integration, required to enable Dropbox as a storage backend in Filestash&#39;s plugin-driven architecture.
- `gdrive_client_id` (String) The OAuth2 client ID for Google Drive integration, required to enable Google Drive as a storage backend through Filestash&#39;s storage plugin system.
- `gdrive_client_secret` (String) The OAuth2 client secret for Google Drive integration, used together with the client ID to authenticate and authorize access to Google Drive storage.

### Read-Only

- `external_ip` (String) The external Ip of the created instance (if available).
- `external_port` (Number) The external Port of the created instance (if available).
- `instance_url` (String) URL to the created instace
- `service_id` (String) The service id for the created instance
