---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "osc_pgvector_pgvector Resource - osc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Enhance your database with pgvector&#39;s robust vector similarity search integrated into Postgres. Effortlessly manage vectors alongside traditional data and execute advanced nearest neighbor searches with ease.
---

# osc_pgvector_pgvector (Resource)

Enhance your database with pgvector&#39;s robust vector similarity search integrated into Postgres. Effortlessly manage vectors alongside traditional data and execute advanced nearest neighbor searches with ease.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of pgvector
- `postgres_password` (String) Sets the password for the PostgreSQL database superuser. This is required to secure access to the database instance.

### Optional

- `postgres_db` (String) Sets the name of the default database to create when the PostgreSQL instance starts. If not specified, the database name will match the user name.
- `postgres_init_db_args` (String) Provides additional command-line arguments to pass to the &#39;initdb&#39; command during database cluster initialization.
- `postgres_init_db_sql` (String) Specifies SQL commands to execute during database initialization, such as creating extensions or setting up initial schema.
- `postgres_user` (String) Specifies the name of the PostgreSQL superuser account to create. If not provided, defaults to &#39;postgres&#39;.

### Read-Only

- `external_ip` (String) The external Ip of the created instance (if available).
- `external_port` (Number) The external Port of the created instance (if available).
- `instance_url` (String) URL to the created instace
- `service_id` (String) The service id for the created instance
