---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "osc_superflytv_ograf_server Resource - osc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Elevate your live production with OGraf! Seamlessly render, upload, and control graphics across platforms like OBS and Vmix with ease. Streamline workflows with our intuitive web server and controller.
---

# osc_superflytv_ograf_server (Resource)

Elevate your live production with OGraf! Seamlessly render, upload, and control graphics across platforms like OBS and Vmix with ease. Streamline workflows with our intuitive web server and controller.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of ograf-server

### Optional

- `s3_access_key_id` (String) The access key ID for authenticating with the S3 storage service. This is part of the AWS credentials used to securely access the storage bucket containing OGraf graphics.
- `s3_endpoint_url` (String) The endpoint URL for the S3-compatible storage service. This allows the server to connect to custom S3 implementations or alternative cloud storage providers beyond AWS S3.
- `s3_graphics_url` (String) The base URL for accessing OGraf graphics stored in an S3-compatible storage service. This would be used by the renderer to load graphics assets from cloud storage rather than local storage.
- `s3_region` (String) The AWS region where the S3 bucket is located. This ensures the server connects to the correct regional endpoint for optimal performance and compliance.
- `s3_secret_access_key` (String) The secret access key for authenticating with the S3 storage service. This works together with the access key ID to provide secure access to the storage bucket.

### Read-Only

- `external_ip` (String) The external Ip of the created instance (if available).
- `external_port` (Number) The external Port of the created instance (if available).
- `instance_url` (String) URL to the created instace
- `service_id` (String) The service id for the created instance
