---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "osc_svensson00_spectercrm Resource - osc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Revolutionize your CRM management with SpecterCRM&#39;s seamless multi-tenant SaaS architecture! Effortlessly handle organizations, contacts, and deals while benefiting from advanced deduplication, comprehensive reporting, and robust API integrations. Upgrade to the all-in-one CRM solution today for streamlined, data-driven success!
---

# osc_svensson00_spectercrm (Resource)

Revolutionize your CRM management with SpecterCRM&#39;s seamless multi-tenant SaaS architecture! Effortlessly handle organizations, contacts, and deals while benefiting from advanced deduplication, comprehensive reporting, and robust API integrations. Upgrade to the all-in-one CRM solution today for streamlined, data-driven success!



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_url` (String) PostgreSQL database connection string used by Prisma ORM to connect to the database. This is the primary database configuration for the multi-tenant CRM application.
- `name` (String) Name of spectercrm

### Optional

- `jwt_secret` (String) Secret key used to sign and verify JWT access tokens for user authentication. This ensures the security and integrity of authentication tokens.
- `refresh_token_secret` (String) Secret key used to sign and verify JWT refresh tokens, which are used to obtain new access tokens without requiring users to re-authenticate.

### Read-Only

- `external_ip` (String) The external Ip of the created instance (if available).
- `external_port` (Number) The external Port of the created instance (if available).
- `instance_url` (String) URL to the created instace
- `service_id` (String) The service id for the created instance
