---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "osc_tryghost_ghost Resource - osc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Experience the power of Ghost, the leading open-source Node.js CMS! With Ghost(Pro), launch a secure, high-performance site in 2 minutes, featuring worldwide CDN, backups, and maintenance.
---

# osc_tryghost_ghost (Resource)

Experience the power of Ghost, the leading open-source Node.js CMS! With Ghost(Pro), launch a secure, high-performance site in 2 minutes, featuring worldwide CDN, backups, and maintenance.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_url` (String) Database connection string for Ghost&#39;s primary data storage. Ghost requires a database to store all content, users, settings, and metadata.
- `name` (String) Name of ghost

### Optional

- `mail_from` (String) Default &#39;from&#39; email address for all emails sent by Ghost. This appears as the sender address for newsletters, notifications, and system emails.
- `smtp_host` (String) SMTP server hostname for sending emails. Ghost uses this to send member notifications, password resets, and newsletter emails.
- `smtp_pass` (String) Password for SMTP server authentication. Used alongside SMTP_USER to authenticate with the email provider for sending emails.
- `smtp_port` (String) SMTP server port number for email delivery. Common ports are 587 (TLS) or 465 (SSL) for secure email transmission.
- `smtp_user` (String) Username for SMTP server authentication. Required when the email provider needs authentication credentials for sending emails.

### Read-Only

- `external_ip` (String) The external Ip of the created instance (if available).
- `external_port` (Number) The external Port of the created instance (if available).
- `instance_url` (String) URL to the created instace
- `service_id` (String) The service id for the created instance
