---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "osc_tuomoku_spx_gc Resource - osc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Elevate your live productions with SPX Graphics Controller! Seamlessly manage HTML graphics across platforms like OBS, vMix, and more. Ideal for stunning live streams and broadcasts with powerful customization.
---

# osc_tuomoku_spx_gc (Resource)

Elevate your live productions with SPX Graphics Controller! Seamlessly manage HTML graphics across platforms like OBS, vMix, and more. Ideal for stunning live streams and broadcasts with powerful customization.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of spx-gc

### Optional

- `password` (String) Password for SPX authentication. Works in conjunction with username to enable login protection for the application.
- `s3_access_key_id` (String) AWS access key ID for authenticating with S3 services to access templates, projects, and media assets stored in cloud storage.
- `s3_endpoint_url` (String) Custom S3-compatible endpoint URL for accessing object storage services other than AWS S3, such as MinIO, DigitalOcean Spaces, or other S3-compatible storage providers.
- `s3_media_url` (String) Configures the S3 bucket URL for storing media assets like images, videos, and other files used by graphics templates.
- `s3_plugins_url` (String) Configures the S3 bucket URL for storing SPX plugins and extensions. Plugins provide additional functionality like custom controls and user interface panels.
- `s3_projects_url` (String) S3 bucket URL or path for storing SPX projects and rundowns data that would normally be stored in the DATAROOT folder.
- `s3_region` (String) AWS region identifier specifying the geographical region where the S3 buckets are located for optimal performance and compliance.
- `s3_secret_access_key` (String) AWS secret access key for authenticating with S3 services, paired with the access key ID for secure cloud storage access.
- `s3_templates_url` (String) S3 bucket URL or path for storing and retrieving HTML graphics templates used by SPX for live production graphics.
- `username` (String) Username for SPX authentication. If provided along with password, users will be required to login to access the application.

### Read-Only

- `external_ip` (String) The external Ip of the created instance (if available).
- `external_port` (Number) The external Port of the created instance (if available).
- `instance_url` (String) URL to the created instace
- `service_id` (String) The service id for the created instance
